Upgrade member roles to policy (#345)
finos/common-cloud-controls: docs/governance/community-policies/member-roles.md

| Role     | Responsibilities                                                                        | Requirements                                                                     | Defined by                                                           |
| -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Member   | Active contributor in the community, assist on community calls, give input on proposals | Sponsored by 2 approvers after multiple contributions to the project             | GitHub FINOS `ccc-members` Group Member                              |

> | Approver | Review contributions from other members                                                 | History of quality reviews and authorship in a particular space                  | [CODEOWNERS] entry for specific files or directories                 |
> | WG Lead  | Set direction and priorities for a working group (WG)                                   | Demonstrated responsibility and excellent technical judgement for the subproject | [CODEOWNERS] entry for all files or directories relating to the [WG] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Approver | Review contributions from other members                                                 | History of quality reviews and authorship in a particular space                  | Member of the corresponding approvers GitHub team                 |
| WG Lead  | Set direction and priorities for a working group (WG)                                   | Demonstrated responsibility and excellent technical judgement for the subproject | Owner of the corresponding approvers GitHub team |
```
